## Challenge Description:

-   Name: random
-   Points: 500
-   Description: "i heard that random can be broken, show me how to"

## Tools and Techniques:
-  To solve this challenge you must be very observant and be able to do python scipts.
-  Have knowledge of the symmetric encryption algorithm "AES".

## Solution:
1.  **Initial Approach**
   -  after executing this command "nc inctf.microclub.info 5802", I got as a result a sequence of numbers, iv and the ciphretext.
   -  I analyzed the python file that was provided to us which contains the AES encryption code.
   -  To decrypt a text encrypted by AES you must have the iv and the key.
  

2.  **Detailed Solution**
  -   First, I performed the decryption function based on the encryption that was provided.
  -   Next I had to find the key so that I could decrypt the text, based on the hint "Mersenne Twister", I did some
      research and I knew that it is a pseudo-random number generator, I understood that the sequence of numbers was generated by mersenne twister,
      and if I reversed the process I would have the key.
  -   So I had to find a way to reverse the process and find the key, so I searched on github for the reverse of mersenne twister 256, when I found it I gave it as input the       sequence of numbers and I got the key that I then introduced the decryption function and I got the flag.
  -    You can find the decrypt function and the key script in the random branch.

   
  
  ## Flag:
"microCTF{r4Nd0m_C@n_BE_brOkEn!!!}"
